In this lecture we're going to be learning about maps and and other programming language.
You've probably heard them referred to as dictionaries.
The basic concept here is that it's a key value pairing storage so the idea is you know you put something
in like you might have strings for your keys for your values and if you provide a certain key then you'll
get back a certain value.
So to kind of go through an example with this a classic example that I always do is if you're going
to create a map or a dictionary about some dogs where you want to look up a dog's age.
So what we're going to do is we're going to make a new variable called dogs.
And this is going to be a map about dogs.
So to create a new map you type map of just like we kind of did for a list of array.
And it's going to ask you for the type if you specify here you don't have to do that but basically like
I said for with dogs if I was going to give you know names for the keys and age for the value I would
do something like Fido for my key space too.
And then I would give some sort of you know value here which I want to be in it because I want to say
you know Fido is eight years old and this is one of the entries inside of the map.
So if I do another one maybe I have another dog named Sarah Sarah too.
And let's say Sarah is 17 years old.
Boom.
We have another entry in there.
Let's do one more.
So let's have a dog named Shawn.
Shawn to six and all sudden with this map now we have three entries in there and if we ever want to
get something out of this map we can just say dogs do the square bracket and then you have to provide
a key that's important here right.
Like we've got to do one of these strings and so if I do capital Feydeau that should give me the age
of eight.
So let's go ahead and do a print line.
Make sure that this is everything we thought it was OK.
We'll go ahead and run this and look at that.
We get the number 8 printed out.
OK.
So the one thing that I'm going to I mean really that's it for maps if you ever want to know anything
more about it.
I guess one more thing that I should point into right like if you want to add an extra entry on to here
right like you're saying OK I'm going to add a completely new dog.
The name's going to be Jeremy and I'm going to set this equal to something like 52.
Man this is like a really old dog.
The issue that you're going to have here is that the map is not mutable so in order to do that you have
to say mutable map of and just keep everything like it was.
Now you're able to add new things on to your map if you'd like to.
OK.
So my challenge for you is to make a map that holds
three words and three definitions of slang you use so kind and the idea for this comes from like Urban
Dictionary so think of some word that you use or you could just even make it up on the fly.
So if I say something like programming cheese maybe this is my slang for whenever I eat mac and cheese
while I'm programming that's probably Philemon's example in the world but I want you to make a map where
you have strings for key strings for values.
But the idea is you could look up some sort of word in this map to find the definition.
So go ahead hit pause in the video and do this now.
All right hopefully that went well for you if you have any especially funny or odd definitions and words
I would love to hear them let me go ahead and make the best that I can here so I'm going to say something
like I'm going to do all this time sort of are going to say nix slang is equal to a new map of.
And this time just for kicks I'm going to provide the type so I'm going to say string comma string just
because I can go ahead put the i in there and you've got to spell this stuff correctly or it's not going
to work.
So the first word let's go with what I had before.
So programming she's going to say this is to coding and eating mac and cheese and that's like the dumbest
definition in the world.
Let's go ahead and think of another sort of random word grub.
That's one that I use sometimes that people don't know the definition of although I feel like that's
pretty standard.
That's a you know food.
Like I'm going to go grub I'm going to go get something to eat.
I'm going to go.
I guess maybe I'll clarify here it's to eat food.
If you're going to grub and then the last one of my slang dictionary.
Geez I don't have very many good words in my life.
I guess one cool thing is Rick is my summer name instead of Nick.
So summer name of Nick every month from May 1st of September 1st I go by Rick instead of Nick.
So those are probably the worst examples in the history of programming courses.
But you know what we got through it we're still alive and the next one we're going to be talking about
functions and we're almost done with this you've been flying through.
Let's keep up the pace Let's keep going.